As our heroes keep traveling
toward Anistar City
they find time for a break
at the local Pokémon Center.
Man, that was so good.
Yeah, it was yummy.
DEDENNE
[RAVENOUS]
PIKACHU
[INCREDULOUS]
Two more to go.
Just two more Princess Keys.
Mm‐hm.
[DETERMINED]
I think we should try
a new performance
for the next
Pokémon Showcase. Deal?
[FOCUSED]
Dumb Twerpette.
Who does she think she is?
Doesn't she know I'm going to be
the next
Pokémon Showcase winner?
JAMES/MEOWTH
Probably not.
Now, for our next performance
I'm thinking we should modify
the combination move
we used last time.
[HAPPY]
Then let's review
by going over the routine.
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[EXERTION]
[FOCUSED]
[PROUD]
Great! That will work.
So Stone Edge is up next.
Are you guys ready to go?
[DETERMINED]
[EXCITED]
[WORRIED]
[STONE EDGE MOVE]
[PANICKED]
[EXERTION]
[SHOCKED]
[PAINED]
Braixen!
[WORRIED]
[STRUGGLING]
[SHOCKED]
[PANICKED]
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know you're up
to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a Hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"MENDING A BROKEN SPIRIT!"
[SAD]
[APOLOGETIC]
[ANGRY]
Wait. Come on,
don't fight, you two.
Hey, what's the matter?
[CONCERNED]
[SAD]
[gasps]
It broke
when we were rehearsing.
[GUILT‐ RIDDEN]
‐ Oh, man.
‐ It's important to you, right?
But it's not like
Pancham did it on purpose.
[UPSET]
[SAD]
[STARTLED]/[DETERMINED]
[EXERTION]
Where are you going?
[EXCITED]
[STRUGGLING]
[EXERTION]/[EXCITED]
Look what Pancham found.
[CARING]
It's really nice you went
to look for another branch.
[UPSET]
‐ Braixen?
‐ Come on, Braixen.
Don't get so down.
All we have to do is go
and look for a branch
that it really likes.
A branch that looks
more like the original.
Alright, let's find it. Huh?
[EXCITED]
It'll be fine. Don't worry.
[SAD]/[UNSURE]
Hm, I wonder
what Braixen would like.
[CONFUSED]
[FOCUSED]
Hmm. Hey, what about this one?
[PLEASED]/[CURIOUS]
Yeah, that one looks good too.
CLEMONT I sure hope we can find
the perfect one.
It'll be right if it's cute.
[AGREEMENT]
Huh? Oh..
Yay!
[DETERMINED]/[CURIOUS]
[CURIOUS]
[STRUGGLING]
[UPSET]
So you don't like any of them?
We tried to find branches
that look like your old one.
Guess we goofed.
[DISPLEASED]
[UPSET]
I'm sorry, Braixen!
Everybody just wait here.
Okay.
Hm. I'm worried.
Hey, let's go look again.
[DETERMINED]
Uh? Right, let's go.
Hm, good idea. Yippee! Come on!
[panting]
Insufferable!
‐ Why are you in such a snit?
‐ Because of the Twerps!
Why can't those children try
to understand how Braixen feels?
As far as Braixen is concerned,
that branch is irreplaceable!
Really? Are you saying you
understand Braixen's feelings?
But, of course!
Be it person or Pokémon
the heart of the collector
is one and the same!
You must've experienced this
too.
Way back in the day
when we were, oh, so young.
JESSIE/MEOWTH
Huh?
I'm home.
I can't believe
how rare this is.
A beauty for my collection.
[laughing]
Huh?
Ah! My beautiful, irreplaceable
bottle caps!
MOTHER I threw those
filthy things away.
JAMES I had special memories
associated
with each and every
one of those bottle caps.
[crying]
I'll never quite understand
this whole collector thing.
Tell me about it. Oy.
Well, as a fellow collector
I can't turn a blind eye
on this travesty.
Yes! It's time to step up!
Oh, Braixen.
[IRRITATED]
[UPSET]
But why does it have to be
that specific branch?
[SHOCKED]/[ANGRY]
What do you mean?
Huh? Braixen! Wait! Oh.
Huh?
Mm. My name is Ja.. Ahem.
I mean to say
my name is Jeeves.
Jeeves, how do you do?
My name is Serena and I'd like
to introduce you to Pancham.
And that's Braixen.
Hm. What's that?
I'm afraid Braixen's
beloved branch broke.
[SAD]
We're having a bit of trouble
finding a replacement.
Braixen must have a good reason
to be so attached to it.
Oh, I never thought about that.
Hm. Huh? Now I remember.
You did it!
We can win this, Braixen!
I'm going to become Kalos Queen
with your moves
and that branch!
[HAPPY]
Braixen, do you mean..
[SAD]
Is that why the other branches
aren't right for you?
[AGREEMENT]
[SATISFIED]
Why don't we ask Nurse Joy
at the Pokémon Center
if she can fix it for you?
[HAPPY]
[PLEASED]
[thinking]
Good. She finally understands.
We specialize
in treating Pokémon.
I'm afraid repairing a broken
branch is beyond my expertise.
I understand.
[SAD]
I'm so sorry.
I wish I could help you.
Uh? I know.
Please hold on one minute!
Huh?
I give up. So what's James
doin' dressed like that?
He can't help sticking his nose
into other people's business.
It'll backfire, wait and see.
MEOWTH 'Backfire? That's pretty
harsh, even for you.'
JESSIE 'Actually, I'd much
prefer he'd catch'
both Braixen and Pancham
for me instead.
What are you gonna do with them?
Mess things up.
If the Twerpette
can't enter the Showcase
because she has no Pokémon,
that's one less rival.
[laughing]
NURSE JOY
'Look at this.'
'Mr. Woodward's a famous tree
surgeon and he lives close by.'
'He once reattached
a Sawsbuck's horn'
'which everyone said
would be impossible.'
A tree surgeon?
[CURIOUS]
That's right. He uses a method
similar to grafting.
He filed down the branch
to preserve the horn's
exact dimensions
and then attached it perfectly.
If anyone can repair that
branch, I'd say that he can.
‐ You really think so?
‐ 'It's definitely worth a try.'
[HAPPY]
[CURIOUS]
Hm..
Do you think you can fix it?
[ANXIOUS]
Because you're a skilled
wood specialist
repairing this branch should be
quite easy for you,
shouldn't it?
Say you will, please.
It's not as easy as it appears.
[AGREEMENT]
But you were able to reattach
that Sawsbuck's horn
with skilled perfection.
Yes, but that
particular procedure
was successful
because the Sawsbuck
had a powerful desire
to reattach its horn.
But we also have
a powerful desire
to get that branch repaired!
[DETERMINED
You'll have to show me
that desire.
That way, I'll be able to devote
a 100 percent to this procedure.
But how are they
going to do that?
I think the best way
is for you to consider
having your Braixen
battle my Gallade.
The best way by far to get
to know a Pokémon's heart
is during a Pokémon battle.
[PROUD]
[DETERMINED]
Yes, Serena went to see a tree
surgeon just a little while ago.
She went to a tree surgeon,
huh? Wanna go, Pikachu?
[EXCITED]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Gallade!
[panting]
‐ Huh?
'There she is! Serena!'
Huh? It's Ash! You found me.
So what happened
with Braixen's branch?
You see..
'And that's what happened.'
Got it. So if you battle him,
he'll fix Braixen's branch.
Yeah! Show them how much you
want that branch repaired!
[ENCOURAGING]
Alright then, if you don't mind,
I'll be the referee.
Trainers will each use one
Pokémon. Is a single match okay?
‐ Hm.
‐ Alright.
Now, Braixen, let's show them
just how strongly
we feel about this.
[FOCUSED]
Good. Alright then,
battle begin!
Now, then, I'm waiting for you
to bring it on.
Alright! Braixen, use Scratch!
[SCRATCH MOVE]
Dodge it, Gallade!
[DETERMINED]
[SHOCKED]
[PROUD]
I don't understand why they
didn't use Flamethrower.
Maybe it's difficult
to use Fire‐type moves
because its branch is broken.
Huh?
[GUILT‐ RIDDEN]
Don't worry, Pancham.
Braixen won't lose
because of something like that.
You can do it, Serena!
[ENCOURAGING]
Hm. Use Scratch!
[SCRATCH MOVE]
Dodge it, quick!
[DETERMINED]
Use Slash!
[SLASH MOVE]
[PAINED]/[WEAK]
Oh, no! Braixen got hit.
They've already figured out
the timing of Braixen's Scratch.
BONNIE
'What are they gonna do?'
ASH 'Guess Braixen needs
that branch after all.'
Hm.
They've all got their heads
wrapped around that battle.
The perfect time
to grab Pikachu.
Opportunity comes
to those who wait.
But Pikachu‐catching time
is right now.
Alright, and how!
You can still battle.
Right, Braixen?
[DETERMINED]
Use Psycho Cut!
[PSYCHO CUT MOVE]
Quickly, Braixen, dodge it!
[EXERTION]
[DETERMINED]
[ENCOURAGING]
[SHOCKED]/[PANICKED]
[gasps]
[thinking] Uh, could that be
Jessie and Meowth's doing?
Hey, what just happened?
JESSIE 'Prepare for trouble,
you really don't know?'
[Jessie chuckles]
[thinking] Get over it, James.
Enough of your show.
[thinking]
Oh, well, duty calls.
And twirl!
And stick!
Prepare for trouble,
let's try this again.
And make it double,
we're clever times ten.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all peoples
within our nation!
To denounce the evils
of truth and love.
To extend our reach
to the stars above!
Jessie.
And James.
Team Rocket regroups
at the speed of light.
Surrender now. A future
with Pikachu looks bright!
Meowth, that's right!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
It's Team Rocket!
What in the world
were you thinking?
Not much.
Wait a minute. Do you know them?
Too well. They like to steal
other people's Pokémon.
They do?
Pay attention and give me
that gizmo, now!
Oh, my.
This time
I'll aim it correctly.
I don't have time
to deal with this nonsense!
‐ Hey, Ash, give me a hand!
‐ Sure.
Okay, Braixen and Pancham,
are you ready?
[DETERMINED]
[STONE EDGE MOVE]
[EXERTION]
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[screaming]
Did you just see that move?
I did. It might have been
a coincidence.
But it sure looked
just like a Fire Blast.
Pikachu, use Thunderbolt now!
[DETERMINED]
[coughing]
This is getting old.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[screaming]
Great new move, Braixen!
Braixen's quite eager.
So won't you please fix
Braixen's branch, Woodward?
Why would you care
about a dumb branch?
Why not? I'm feeling
great today.
I guess bein' a chump
will do that to you.
JESSIE
We're blasting off again!
WOBBUFFET
[FRUSTRATED]
Woodward, please.
Let our battle continue.
And please agree
to fix Braixen's branch.
My dear child,
I'm afraid that branch
was already well beyond repair
from the very first time
you brought it to my attention.
SERENA
'But..'
Now, Braixen
you know why we did
all this, don't you?
Why I asked you
to have a battle with me?
You see, there's nothing wrong
with wanting
to hold onto precious things
from the past.
'But becoming overly attached'
'can keep you stuck
in the past as well.'
[MOVED]
You tried Flamethrower
with your broken branch
and it ended up as a Fire Blast.
It was unintentional,
but you could use the move
with that branch because
your feeling was so strong.
'And if you are able'
'to hold onto that strong
desire of yours'
I'm sure you'll be able
to master anything you possess.
[ASSURED]
[SPIRITED]
[EAGER]
Huh?
[DETERMINED]
Oh, Pancham.
[SURPRISED]
Hey, you know what?
'I didn't become Kalos Queen'
with the branch you had when
we made our promise together.
'So let's make a new promise'
'with the branch
Pancham wants to give you.'
'It's time for us to write'
'the next chapter
of our partnership.'
[DETERMINED]
It's all for one.
Let's do this together!
[ENTHUSIASTIC]
This is to remember
the promise we've made.
[PROUD]
[SATISFIED]
Alright. Let's try it out!
[DETERMINED]
Now, let's get back
to our battle.
Alright, then!
Let the battle resume!
Okay, Gallade, use Psycho Cut!
[PSYCHO CUT MOVE]
Quick, Braixen, dodge it!
[EXERTION]
Use Fire Blast!
[FIRE BLAST MOVE]
[SHOCKED]
[DETERMINED]
[STRUGGLING]/[PAINED]
That will be all now.
Excellent work.
Gallade, you were great.
Braixen!
[HAPPY]
We won!
I'm really so happy Braixen's
feeling better again.
Yeah. That Fire Blast really
showed us all how Braixen felt.
Yippee yay!
[EXCITED]
Alright, my friend.
I think it's about time
we both got back to work.
[FOCUSED]
ASH 'What are you gonna do
with those?'
I thought you said that branch
wasn't fixable.
Yes, I did say that.
However..
Huh?
Just as it should be.
'That branch will now begin
a brand‐new life right here.'
There will come a day when it
will be useful to someone again.
[AGREEMENT]
[PROUD]
And someday,
we'll come back here
and tell it all
about our big success.
[SATISFIED]
Remember, the promise we made
with you is still with us.
We've learned so much
from you, Woodward.
I can't thank you enough
for your generosity.
Now, now. I haven't really done
much of anything at all.
'It's something
you and your Pokémon'
'learned together,
my dear child.'
I wanna thank you anyway.
I also want to.
We'll be back to visit for sure.
Anybody have an idea
where Jeeves went?
[gasps]
You mean the guy
with the glasses?
CLEMONT
He just disappeared, didn't he?
It's like he vanished
into thin air.
Huh?
NARRATOR
Braixen's broken branch
and the promise
that went with it
have given rise
to a new promise
and a new branch.
Now, Serena, Pancham
and Braixen
look forward to winning
the Pokémon Showcase
with renewed confidence
as the journey continues.
[theme music]